URL: https://www.on3.com/sites/owl-scoop/news/gameday-preview-temple-at-usf
TITLE: Gameday preview: Temple at USF - On3
DATES SEEN: []

Now Temple gets perhaps its toughest challenge since Penn State. South Florida is 4-0 in head coach
Brian Hartline
’s first season and enters Week 5 as the only undefeated team in the American. The Bulls have already beaten Army on the road, and although their offense struggled in last week’s 14-6 win at Bowling Green, a defense allowing just 14 points per game has given Hartline’s team room to survive uneven stretches.
“We play a really good South Florida team — undefeated, tremendously athletic, very well coached — at their place,” Keeler said. “The only thing that’s going to get you right is going out there and beating a good football team.”
When Temple is on offense
Ajani Sheppard
will get another opportunity to build on a promising first career start, though
Jaxon Smolik
could potentially work his way back into the quarterback rotation.
Sheppard replaced Smolik after the latter suffered a foot injury on the opening possession at Toledo, then started against Army and completed 11 of 20 passes for a career-high 242 yards and two touchdowns. His 78-yard touchdown pass to running back
Sam Brown
answered Army’s opening score almost immediately, and a 67-yard connection with
Colin Chase
tied the game at 14 in the third quarter.
“I think Ajani has done some really good things,” Keeler said. “You can see some of the explosiveness he has. You can see his ability to throw the long ball.”
Smolik was available only for emergency duty against Army. Keeler said earlier in the week that he expected Smolik to continue progressing but that Temple still needed to see how well he could move before determining how the quarterbacks would be used against South Florida.
Through four games, Sheppard has completed 31 of 58 passes for 539 yards, five touchdowns and no interceptions while adding 147 yards and two scores on the ground. His 160.0 passer-efficiency rating has been helped by Temple’s ability to generate explosive plays, although the Owls are still completing only 55.6% of their passes as a team.
The larger strength continues to be the running game.
Temple has rushed for at least 176 yards in all four games — 227 against Rhode Island, 176 against Penn State, 261 at Toledo and 217 against Army — and its 220.3 rushing yards per game rank 24th nationally. Another 176-yard performance Saturday would give the Owls five consecutive games at that mark for the first time since 2011.
“Our mentality is we’re going to run the ball on everybody,” Keeler said. “We’re one of the top rushing teams in the country, and I think a healthy Sam Brown and Keveun really is a great one-two punch.”
Sophomore
Keveun Mason
remains Temple’s leading rusher with 340 yards and two touchdowns on 60 attempts, but Brown has transformed the backfield since becoming available two weeks ago. The Rutgers transfer has rushed for 205 yards and two touchdowns on only 25 carries, averaging 8.2 yards per attempt. Against Army, Brown ran 10 times for 96 yards and added the 78-yard touchdown reception, finishing with 174 yards from scrimmage.
Sheppard’s running ability gives offensive coordinator
Tyler Walker
another element, too. Keeler noted that both Sheppard and Smolik are athletic enough to remain factors on read concepts, making it more difficult for defenses to sell out against Mason and Brown.
The Owls have also started generating more production downfield. Chase leads Temple with 196 receiving yards on only eight catches — a 24.5-yard average — while
Jayce Freeman
has 123 yards on six receptions. Brown has 105 receiving yards on four catches.
“If he’s open, we’ll get him the ball,” Keeler said. “I don’t think we’re going to try force-feeding him.”
Keeler said Temple has emphasized getting its inexperienced quarterbacks through their progressions rather than predetermining targets. Clarke has also helped create other opportunities simply through the attention he receives from defenses.
“What we do best is run the football and then try to get those spot routes where guys are open and get defenders’ eyes in the wrong place,” Keeler said.
Temple’s offensive line has continued to hold together despite a revolving door caused by injuries. Keeler said the Owls have already used five different tackles this season, including players who were never expected to occupy those roles when preseason camp began.
“I think it’s really impressive how we’ve held up on the O-line considering all the moving parts we’ve had,” Keeler said. “We’re playing eight or nine, and we’re doing OK.”
That unit faces a difficult matchup Saturday.
USF is allowing 322 yards and 14 points per game, including just 121.8 rushing yards per contest. Opponents have scored only one rushing touchdown against the Bulls all season.
Joshua Porter
with 19 seconds remaining.
Van Buren’s mobility may be as concerning to Temple as his arm.
“Their quarterback is very athletic,” Keeler said. “He concerns me a lot because you have to respect their passing game, and then when you spread out so much, he can pull the ball down and make plays with his feet.”
The passing game has several options.
Bryson Rodgers
leads USF with 18 receptions for 197 yards and a touchdown, Porter has 14 catches for 192 yards and two scores, and
Temple will have to be considerably better against the run than it was last week.
Army rushed for 279 yards on 57 carries against the Owls, including a 12-play final drive consisting entirely of runs. The Black Knights possessed the ball for more than 38 minutes, converted both of their fourth-down attempts and scored touchdowns on all three trips inside Temple’s red zone. In other words, Army did what it usually does and did it well enough to win.
Keeler said Temple’s problems on the last drive weren’t about a lack of physicality as much as missed details. He pointed to alignment errors that gave Army better blocking angles and allowed the Black Knights to cut runs back into open space.
“When you’re out of alignment by a foot or two, all of a sudden they can gas you,” Keeler said.
Linebacker
Curly Ordonez
has continued to be Temple’s most productive defender, while fellow linebacker
“It’s very surprising and disappointing that we haven’t generated more pressure,” Keeler said. “We have not generated the pass rush that we all anticipated we would have.”
That becomes especially important against Van Buren. Temple wants to generate more pressure, but Keeler said doing it recklessly could create another problem.
“If we’re not in our pass-rush lanes, he can pull that ball down and make plays with his feet,” Keeler said.
If there’s an opportunity for Temple’s pass rush to finally emerge, USF’s offensive line presents it. The Bulls have used four different starting offensive-line combinations in four games because of injuries and shuffled the group again last week. Bowling Green took advantage, sacking Van Buren six times and forcing two fumbles. USF has surrendered eight sacks this season, six of them in that game.
USF’s ability to overcome adversity is what should concern Temple most. The Bulls trailed Army by 10 points with less than five minutes remaining and won. They entered the fourth quarter at Bowling Green trailing 6-0 and won. USF has scored at least 13 fourth-quarter points in every game this season.
Temple’s defense, meanwhile, has been at its most vulnerable late. Toledo scored touchdowns on each of its final three possessions, and Army answered Temple’s fourth-quarter lead with the methodical game-winning drive.
For a team that has spent the week emphasizing details, those final possessions may again determine whether Temple leaves Tampa with its first conference win.
Top 10
01
Breaking
Pittsburgh star QB Mason Heintschel out for season with torn ACL
02
Shane Beamer addresses Dylan Stewart, status at South Carolina
03
New
Kamario Taylor leaves Alabama game late with apparent injury
04
Minnesota trolls Michigan with 'Mr. Brightside' after upset win
05
