URL: https://spartanavenue.com/jordan-hall-trending-in-right-direction-on-michigan-state-vs-illinois-injury-report-01m4cg6mmc7t
TITLE: Jordan Hall trending in right direction on Michigan State vs Illinois injury report
DATES SEEN: ['Oct 7, 2026', 'October 8, 2026', 'Sept. 26, 2026']

Jordan Hall trending in right direction on Michigan State vs Illinois injury report
Skip to main content
Recruiting
Football
Michigan State history
FanSided NCAA Sites
Share on X
Jordan Hall trending in right direction on Michigan State vs Illinois injury report
Finally some positive news.
By
Connor Muldowney
Copy Article
Add us as a preferred source
Michigan State’s Jordan Hall signals before a play against Nebraska during the first quarter on Saturday, Sept. 26, 2026, in East Lansing. | USA TODAY Network via Reuters Connect
It’s Wednesday evening which means the initial Big Ten injury report is live and Michigan State got some relatively
good news on Jordan Hall
.
Over the past couple of weeks, Michigan State’s injury reports have been kind of crazy. The injury bug is biting the Spartans hard after a clean preseason and relatively good injury luck through the first couple of weeks. There were some guys banged up, but it was nothing like what we’ve witnessed over the past three weeks.
Michigan State has lost Cam Edwards for the season and both Brady Pretzlaff and Jordan Hall have missed games. Not to mention, the defensive backfield has been depleted as well as more linebackers appearing on the weekly injury reports.
The
Michigan State vs Illinois
injury report reflects that of two teams that have struggled to stay healthy this season with a total of 14 players ruled “out” on Saturday.
Fortunately for Michigan State, however, Hall looks to be trending in the right direction after being listed as “doubtful” for the Wisconsin game before ultimately sitting out.
First availability report for MSU-Illinois.
LB Jordan Hall trending the right way, now questionable after missing last week. LB Caleb Wheatland OUT.
pic.twitter.com/2k01BtmLoj
— Stephen Brooks (@StephenM_Brooks)
October 8, 2026
It’s also good to see that Cam Fancher’s injury isn’t anything too serious. It looked potentially serious on Saturday but he may be good to go against Illinois. Tre Bell, too, could be good to go which is what the secondary is going to need against Katin Houser and the Illini.
Unfortunately, it looks like Caleb Wheatland is the latest linebacker to get taken out by an injury and he’ll miss the Illinois game.
On the flip side, the Illini will be without their RB2 and five other players with three more doubtful.
Not a good week for full-strength football appreciators.
Only 1 surprise on Michigan State’s Week 6 injury report is a win
The only real surprise on the injury report outside of RB4/5 Darrin Jones Jr. being listed as doubtful was Wheatland being ruled out. That means we’ll see yet another game with Michigan State shorthanded at linebacker. Fortunately, Hall could be back with his questionable tag.
Honestly, that’s a win.
One
bad
surprise on the injury report and a couple of positive updates (Hall, Fancher)? After the past couple of weeks, that’s great news.
Getting Hall, Bell, and Fancher back for this game would be huge. Hall is the team’s best defender, Bell is the top cornerback, and Fancher gives the team a different look offensively every now and then.
If they’re not back, the defense will be on the ropes again.
Add us as a preferred source on
