URL: https://www.on3.com/sites/ucf-sports/news/scott-frost-ucf-houston-press-conference/
TITLE: Scott Frost updates injuries, praises Keyone Jenkins ahead of Houston - On3
DATES SEEN: []

Scott Frost updates injuries, praises Keyone Jenkins ahead of Houston - On3
Skip to main content
Mobile Menu
News
The best UCF Knights coverage and community, and all access to the On3 College Sports Network.
Join Now
UCF Sports Football
Scott Frost updates injuries, praises Keyone Jenkins ahead of Houston
Brandon Helwig
@ UCFSports
09/28/26
UCF opened Big 12 play with an important win Saturday, knocking off TCU 21-13 at the Bounce House behind another strong defensive effort and a remarkably efficient performance from quarterback
Keyone Jenkins
.
Making his second consecutive start in place of the injured
Alonza Barnett III
, Jenkins completed 19-of-20 passes for 160 yards and a touchdown, setting a UCF single-game record with a 95 percent completion rate among quarterbacks with at least 15 attempts. The Knights also limited TCU to just 33 rushing yards and forced four turnovers, helping UCF improve to 3-1 overall and 1-0 in Big 12 play.
The challenge gets considerably tougher this week. UCF goes back on the road Saturday to face No. 20 Houston in an 11 a.m. CT/noon ET kickoff on ESPN2.
Conner Weigman
, and the approach to winning on the road. Frost also confirmed that Barnett and linebacker
Lewis Carter
will remain unavailable this week, while wide receiver
Duane “Speedy” Thomas Jr.
and tight end
Dylan Wade
“We’ve got some really tough games coming up ahead of us, and we’re going to need him to play that well.”
How much does that help his confidence going forward? Georgia State wasn’t the best start he could have had, but to come back and have that kind of performance getting ready to go on the road against a really good opponent?
“Yeah, well, I don’t think anything’s going to faze him. He’s a confident kid, plays with a lot of attitude and swagger, and he’s going to be ready. We’re playing a really good team, and I think our guys will be fired up for it.”
You’ve had a strong start on the defensive side of the football. What has Alex Grinch been able to do with that unit that’s impressed you, and what about this defense has really stood out?
“I think the number one thing that stands out with our defense is how hard they play. We’ve got a lot of guys bought in right now and playing for each other. A lot of different guys making plays, guys stepping up when other guys are hurt.
“I think he’s got them playing with an attitude. And I think, like we talked about, the defense had one bad quarter, about 18 minutes of ball that probably wasn’t up to their standard. Other than that, they’ve been really good this year.
“Alex has been an elite defensive coach for a long time. If you coach in this game long enough, you have a lot of success and you have some rough patches, and we’ve all had those. But he’s one of the best in the game. He’s doing a great job.”
It wasn’t ideal conditions against Pitt, but how much did that help prepare the guys for another tough road test against a powerful opponent?
We’re a third of the way through the season now. How would you describe the offensive identity of your team?
“I think we’re still learning that, to be honest. I think our offense has been efficient the last two weeks. You look at the games, and what’s crazy is that we’ve had less than 60 plays of offense three weeks in a row.
“I’ve never experienced that. I think a lot of things are playing into that. But even Saturday, man, we’d like to score more points and get some guys some more touches.
“We didn’t snap the ball that many times. We had four drives in the second half. Went three-and-out on the first, scored on the second, got a 15-yard penalty on first down on the third drive, and then ran three plays to run as much time off the clock as we could. And that was our entire second half.
“So, talking about the identity of the offense, I think we need to continue to be selective with tempo. I think we need to get the ball in the right guys’ hands and continue to be as efficient as we can to help our defense.”
Is there something specific you can do to increase the number of plays besides the obvious of sustaining drives? Is that something you address specifically in practice?
“No. We just want to run the plays that we run as well as we can run them. And I think a lot of things have played into that — bad weather in one game, and short fields in the next game, and a couple long touchdowns in that game.
“I think there’s more guys that care a lot and more guys that are fun to be around. And I think they’re bought in. So whatever we do, we’re going to win or lose together and fight together.”
A lot of receivers have gotten reps, but there hasn’t really been one established No. 1 receiver. Are you looking to establish that moving forward, or will we continue to see a lot of guys get the ball?
“Yeah. I think Josh Derry is in the back, and he’s a guy we really trust. We’ve got some other guys that I think are younger and going to round into form.
“Like I said, we haven’t gotten that many snaps. And it’s kind of aggravating coming out of a game and seeing a lot of the good plays that we had lined up that we don’t get around to calling because of the lack of snaps and just kind of how the game’s been going.
“But we’re going to play one sooner or later where we get two two-minute drives, or we get behind and we need to throw it to win. And that just hasn’t been the case for a couple of weeks.
“So I’m sure that’s coming. We certainly have a lot of guys, including JD, that we trust a lot.”
When we spoke to Caden Piening after the game, he mentioned watching film of Jordan Akins. Considering you’ve coached both of them, what’s it like having someone like Caden in the offense? Do you see any resemblance?
“The turnovers that we got were a big factor in that game. Then we gave them a pick-six back. It was a hard-fought game.
“It was at our place. They’ll probably have an advantage at 11 in the morning at their place. But I don’t think this group’s going to back down to anybody either.
“So we know what kind of team we’re going to play. But our guys will be excited for the challenge.”
Considering Speedy Thomas had been a game-time decision the last few weeks and was ruled out Wednesday, what does his outlook look like going forward? And what about Lewis Carter and Alonza Barnett, two of your captains?
“Yeah, we won’t have Lewis or Alonza. Speedy’s just kind of day-to-day right now. I haven’t heard yet today. He came in and did work with the trainers today.
“So there’s a few guys that are going to kind of be day-to-day. And we’ll probably announce something on Wednesday.”
What about Dylan Wade? He took a hard hit on the shoulder in that game.
What have you learned about your team’s response to adversity so far this season, and do you expect to learn more in this ranked road matchup?
“Yeah, I think the guys have done a great job. I really appreciate how calm everyone stayed. I said that after the Georgia State game.
“I think this game was the same way. Some really good leadership by some of our guys at halftime, making sure our heads were in the right place. And there wasn’t a letdown.
“You come out behind at halftime two weeks ago. You come out at halftime with a small lead this week, and the guys just kept playing. And nobody’s getting nervous.
“Nobody’s getting uptight. We’re just giving it everything we have. That’s all you can ever ask of any of the guys or the coaching staff.”
Keyone had a couple of fumbles. What’s the emphasis during the week in practice that can help with ball security?
“Well, the first one, we ran quarterback sneak, and he popped through somehow. And I thought the guy just did a really good job punching it as he was going down.
“Yeah, I answered that question. Based on what I’ve seen from this team, our team’s not going to panic or get nervous. We’re going to go shoot our shot.
“And like I said, we know how good this team has been for a year and a half now since I’ve been in the league. And they’re really good when you watch the tape. It’s going to be a tough game for us.
“But I don’t think we’re going to back down either. So our guys will be excited to play.”
How have you seen the offense evolve from the Alonza Barnett injury to where it is now with Keyone Jenkins?
“Yeah, we game plan the same way. If there was a marked difference between Alonza’s skill set and Lights’ skill set, I think you’d have seen something different. It’s largely the same plays.
“Like I’ve said, it’s just catered a little more to Lights. I think there’s some things he does really, really well. And we want to make sure and try to keep all the plays we call in his strike zone.
“And that doesn’t mean he can’t do the other things or Alonza can’t do what he’s doing. It’s just we want to keep him comfortable.”
