URL: https://tucson.com/sports/college/football/wildcats/article_fd16e45b-9ce1-48ff-9752-afba37919906.html
TITLE: Arizona football releases first availability report
DATES SEEN: ['Sep 24, 2025', 'Sep 26, 2025']

Arizona football releases first availability report
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
Register for more free articles.
WhatsApp
SMS
Email
Arizona football releases first availability report of Big 12 play
Share this
Facebook
Twitter
Alert
Top Story
ARIZONA FOOTBALL
Arizona football releases first availability report of Big 12 play
Justin Spears
Sep 24, 2025
Sep 24, 2025
Email
Print
Copy article link
Arizona’s first Big 12-mandated availability report of the season was released Wednesday evening.
The availability report for Arizona’s Big 12 opener against 14th-ranked Iowa State was released after 7 p.m., and the Wildcats appear to be the healthier team heading into Saturday’s game in Ames.
The Wildcats have three players listed as questionable: running back Kedrick Reescano, who missed the last two games with a leg injury, offensive lineman
Chubba Maae
and offensive lineman Chance Roberts.
Arizona players officially listed as out are wide receiver Rex Haynes, defensive back Jshawn Frausto-Ramos, defensive back Dajon Hinton, cornerback Gianni Edwards, tight end Chase Randall, offensive linemen Ise Matautia and Keona Peat, wide receiver Landon Kelsey, and tight ends Kellan Ford and Tyler Powell.
People are also reading…
Eegee’s pulls the plug on 2 Tucson-area restaurants; Angie’s coming soon
Mom in Tucson abuse case dies by suicide
Hobbs restores $16.5 million in funding for U of A, ASU and NAU
Kickoff time, TV broadcast announced for Arizona-West Virginia game
Over 70 fun events happening in Tucson this October 👻✨
Arizona defensive end Tre Smith and linebacker Riley Wilson, who both missed the Wildcats’ win over Kansas State, weren’t listed on the UA’s initial availability report, which is a positive sign for Arizona’s defense against Iowa State’s tight end-centric offense.
Arizona running back Kedrick Reescano gestures into the stands after dashing almost untouched up the middle for the first score of the night in the first half against Hawaii on Aug. 30 in Tucson.
Kelly Presnell, Arizona Daily Star
Georgia Tech transfer offensive lineman Jordan Brown, who started at left guard in the spring, wasn’t listed on the availability report. Brown suffered an upper-body injury in the spring and was expected to join the team midseason. Arizona redshirt senior wide receiver Kris Hutson, who missed the Hawaii and Kansas State games, isn’t listed on the initial availability report.
Iowa State has 10 players out for Saturday, including placekicker Kyle Konrardy. Konrardy is a two-year starter and has made 28 of 37 field goals (75.7%) in his career, including a 63-yarder earlier this season, which set the Jack Trice Stadium record. Freshman Chase Smith will replace Konrardy against Arizona.
ISU defensive back David Coffey is the only Cyclone listed as doubtful. Defensive lineman Tamatoa McDonough and wide receiver Sam Zelenovich are in the questionable category. Tight end Gabe Burkle, Iowa State’s second-leading receiver this season, is one of five Cyclones listed as probable.
Every week during Big 12 play, teams are required to submit availability reports that have players listed as probable, questionable, doubtful or out three days before kickoff. A final report will be submitted 90 minutes before kickoff.
Arizona head coach Brent Brennan endorsed the availability report and said, “I think it’s great,” and “it puts everybody on the same page.”
“I think it takes a lot of pressure off of (media) and us, because I just feel like whenever there is an injury, it just becomes too much in the narrative when really you’re just trying to get your team ready to play with who was available for that game,” Brennan said. “So now we have a streamlined process of this — the availability report, and these are guys that you think are going to go, and these guys are doubtful.”
Arizona (3-0) battles 14th-ranked Iowa State (4-0) in Ames this Saturday at 4 p.m. on ESPN.
Here’s a complete look at the Arizona-Iowa State availability report.
Courtesy of Big 12
Contact Justin Spears, the Star’s Arizona football beat reporter, at
jspears@tucson.com
Big 12 football predictions: Picks vs. the spread for Week 5, including Arizona-Iowa State
Star sports staffers Michael Lev and Justin Spears and 2025-26 guest prognosticator Jordan Hamm make their picks for Week 5 in Big 12 play, in…
Watch Now: Related Video
VIDEO: Benton Hickman records final out as UA beats Hermosillo in Mexican Baseball Fiesta
Tucson's Top Sports Stories: October 2
Tucson's Top Sports Stories: October 2
Arizona comes out on top of a slug fest with Hermosillo, 17-11 in the Mexican Baseball Fiesta
Arizona comes out on top of a slug fest with Hermosillo, 17-11 in the Mexican Baseball Fiesta
Arizona comes out on top of a slug fest with Hermosillo, 17-11 in the Mexican Baseball Fiesta
Arizona comes out on top of a slug fest with Hermosillo, 17-11 in the Mexican Baseball Fiesta
Close
Arizona running back Kedrick Reescano gestures into the stands after dashing almost untouched up the middle for the first score of the night in the first half against Hawaii on Aug. 30 in Tucson.
Kelly Presnell, Arizona Daily Star
