URL: https://www.si.com/college/baylor/football/5-baylor-players-out-against-colorado-but-dj-lagway-officially-available
TITLE: 5 Baylor Players OUT against Colorado, but DJ Lagway Officially Available
DATES SEEN: ['Sep 26, 2026', 'Sep 5, 2026', 'Sept. 26, 2026']

5 Baylor Players OUT against Colorado, but DJ Lagway Officially Available
Skip to main content
SI.COM
ON SI
Bears In The Pros
SI.COM
Sep 5, 2026; Atlanta, Georgia, USA; Baylor Bears quarterback DJ Lagway (2) in action against the Auburn Tigers in the second quarter at Mercedes-Benz Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Brett Davis-Imagn Images | IMAGN IMAGES via Reuters Connect
5 Baylor Players OUT against Colorado, but DJ Lagway Officially Available
Baylor will take the field without five players on Saturday.
Jason B. Hirschhorn
|
Colorado Buffaloes
In less than two hours, the Baylor Bears (2-1) will officially kick off against the Colorado Buffaloes (2-1). The game will signal the start of Big 12 Conference play for both teams.
For the first time since Sept. 5, the Bears will have starting quarterback DJ Lagway under center. Lagway,
who suffered an ankle injury in the team's season opener
, has recovered sufficiently over the ensuing two weeks and change. On Monday, Baylor head coach Dave Aranda forecasted his signal-caller's return, saying that Lagway "
got the green light
" from the team's medical staff.
With Lagway back in the fold, Nate Bennett will return to backup duty. In two starts, Bennett completed exactly 75% of his throws while racking up 567 passing yards, six touchdowns, and two interceptions. He also recorded 15 yards and two touchdowns as a rusher.
In addition to Lagway, Baylor will see multiple notable players return to game action on Saturday. Wide receiver Jadon Porter and defensive back Devin Turner entered the weekend as "probable" to play, and indeed both will suit up against Colorado. Defensive tackle Hosea Wheeler, whom the Bears
listed as "questionable" on the initial availability report
, received a status upgrade later in the week and will also play.
Meanwhile, the Buffs ruled out a half dozen players before the weekend began. Wide receiver Danny Scudero headlines that group, though the absence of tight end Charlie Williams could also meaningfully impact the game. The two players have combined for 94 yards from scrimmage and a touchdown so far in 2026.
So, who will suit up for (and against) the Bears today?
Baylor Bears injury news
Here is the full list of players unavailable today:
8 S Jacob Redding
38 CB Jamarion Richardson
59 DL Devonte Tezino
87 WR Ashton Jones
Baylor Bears On SI
will update this space if/when pregame warm-ups provide additional health information.
Colorado Buffaloes injury news
Here is the full list of players unavailable today:
18 WR Danny Scudero
31 CB Preston Ashley
40 LB Colby Johnson
45 DL Vili Taufatofua
58 OL Demetrius Hunter
87 TE Charlie Williams
72 OL Xavier Payne (game-time decision)
Baylor Bears On SI
will update this space if/when pregame warm-ups provide additional health information.
How to watch Baylor take on Colorado
Related Articles
College Football Week 1 Takeaways: LSU Rolls Past Clemson, Michigan Stuns Western Michigan on Hail Mary
Deion Sanders and Colorado Not Getting Respect On Kalshi vs Georgia Tech
Colorado-Baylor Availability Report: DJ Lagway Officially 'Probable,' Hosea Wheeler 'Questionable' to Play
DJ Lagway and Multiple Injured Players Expected to Return for Colorado vs. Baylor
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
