URL: https://sports.yahoo.com/articles/mizzou-injury-status-ahmad-hardy-001509549.html
TITLE: Mizzou injury status for Ahmad Hardy, 2 starting DEs vs Florida on official SEC report - Yahoo Sports
DATES SEEN: ['October 1, 2026']

Mizzou injury status for Ahmad Hardy, 2 starting DEs vs Florida on official SEC report - Yahoo Sports
Search Query for Search
Search
Home
Fantasy Football Trade Tips
Story by
Columbia Daily Tribune
Mizzou injury status for Ahmad Hardy, 2 starting DEs vs Florida on official SEC report
Story by
Columbia Daily Tribune
Mizzou injury status for Ahmad Hardy, 2 starting DEs vs Florida on official SEC report
Calum McAndrew, Columbia Daily Tribune
Thu, October 1, 2026 at 12:15 AM UTC
·
© 2026 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
There were no surprises on
Missouri football's
first SEC availability report of the week ahead of
the Tigers' game against Florida.
As expected, Mizzou (3-1, 0-1 SEC) will again be without star running back
Ahmad Hardy
, who opened the week on the Wednesday, Sept. 30, report as "out." The
Tigers
also listed starting defensive ends
Darris Smith
and
Langden Kitchen
as "questionable" for the game against the
Gators
,
which Eli Drinkwitz indicated would be the case
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
A questionable designation means neither Smith nor Kitchen have officially been ruled out but will continue to be assessed throughout the week. If Smith can't play, Daeden Hopkins and Jaden Jones are Mizzou's likely starters at defensive end.
Smith was helped off of the field during MU's win over Troy this past Saturday. He attempted to return after being evaluated for a lower-body injury in the second half but only lasted one snap before returning to the sideline.
Kitchen came off the field during the first quarter of MU's Week 4 game against Mississippi State and was evaluated for a lower-body injury. He did not return to the field.
"Both are doing the very best they can to get back," Drinkwitz said Tuesday. "I doubt they can participate in much of any practice today (Tuesday), but both those guys are experienced. You know, our kind of protocol is you have to practice by Thursday in order to be favorable for the game."
Advertisement
Advertisement
Florida
(4-0, 2-0) listed two wide receivers —
Vernell Brown III
and Bailey Stockton — on the report as questionable. Both players have been involved in the Gators' wideout rotation this year, and Brown leads the team in receiving.
UF head coach Jon Sumrall said Monday that all of his players could play this weekend.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
For the second straight week, Mizzou also ruled out right tackle Josh Atkins, reserve safety JaDon Blair and backup tight end Gavin Hoffman for this weekend's game. The Tigers added backup linebacker Bobby Washington as "questionable" to face Florida.
No. 25
Missouri
's game against No. 8 Florida is scheduled to kick off at 2:30 p.m. CT Saturday in Columbia. The game will air on ABC.
Missouri and UF will release follow-up availability reports on both Thursday and Friday night, as well as one final report Saturday approximately 90 minutes before the game.
Missouri football
full Wednesday injury, availability report
RB Ahmad Hardy (Out)
DE Darris Smith (Questionable)
DE Langden Kitchen (Questionable)
LB Bobby Washington (Questionable)
RB Malae Fonoti (Out)
RT Josh Atkins (Out)
S JaDon Blair (Out)
TE Gavin Hoffman (Out)
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Did Missouri consider challenging crucial 4th and 1 call at Mississippi State?
More:
How does Mizzou football fix slow starts? Tigers must clean up penalties
Florida full Wednesday injury, availability report
WR Vernell Brown III (Questionable)
WR Bailey Stockton (Questionable)
What is the availability report?
The SEC-mandated reports are required of member organizations every night beginning Wednesday in the leadup to an in-conference matchup, with the final report publishing 90 minutes before kickoff.
The possible designations, from most likely to play to least likely, are as follows: available; probable; questionable; doubtful; out.
The reports are not technically injury reports, which some teams — Mizzou often included — provided in years prior. Instead, they are lists that include any players ruled unavailable or possibly unavailable for upcoming games. That could be for any number of reasons, including but not limited to injuries.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
The reports are only mandated before in-conference matchups.
Inaccurate or late reports in football are subject to fines ranging from $25,000-$100,000 and can include "accountability measures" for head coaches.
This article originally appeared on Columbia Daily Tribune:
Mizzou injury status for Ahmad Hardy, 2 starting DEs vs Florida on official SEC report
