URL: https://www.kbtx.com/2026/10/02/texas-am-linebacker-listed-out-availability-report-ahead-arkansas/
TITLE: Texas A&M linebacker listed as out in availability report ahead of Arkansas
DATES SEEN: ['Oct. 1, 2026', 'October 1, 2026']

Texas A&M linebacker listed as out in availability report ahead of Arkansas
Skip to content
News
Weather
Weekend Gardener
Who's Hiring?
Gray AI Policy
Texas A&M linebacker listed as out in availability report ahead of Arkansas
KBTX News at Ten(Recurring)
By
Tyler Shaw
Share
Add Us On Google
Add as a preferred source on Google
BRYAN, Texas (KBTX) - Texas A&M linebacker Tamarion Watkins was listed as out on Thursday’s availability report ahead of the Aggies’ home game against Arkansas this Saturday.
Watkins was not on the initial availability report on Wednesday. The freshman has 7 total tackles this year, with two tackles for loss.
Texas A&M wide receiver Mario Craver was still listed as questionable for the second straight day.
According to SEC policy, “questionable” means a player has a 50% chance to play in the upcoming game.
Craver exited the game at LSU in the second quarter, limping to the sideline. He left for the locker room during the game but later returned, playing in 34 of 63 total offensive snaps.
Craver leads the Aggies this year with 225 receiving yards and two touchdowns. He also has 27 punt return yards and one rush for six yards vs. LSU.
Wide receiver Terry Bussey is out for the season.
For the Razorbacks, defensive lineman Steven Soles Jr. is listed as questionable. Soles has played in 115 defensive snaps for the Hogs this season. He’s recorded five total tackles (one for loss) and a pass breakup this season.
Arkansas defensive lineman Jamonta Waller, defensive back John Howse IV and tight end Maddox Lassiter are all listed as out.
Waller has played limited time on special teams. Howse and Lassiter have not played this season.
Texas A&M Thursday availability report before Arkansas
Player
Status
WR Terry Bussey
OUT
LB Tamarion Watkins
OUT
WR Mario Craver
QUESTIONABLE
Arkansas Thursday availability report before Texas A&M
Player
Status
DL Jamonta Waller
OUT
DB John Howse IV
OUT
TE Maddox Lassiter
OUT
DL Steven Soles Jr.
QUESTIONABLE
Copyright 2026 KBTX. All rights reserved.
Most Read
Brazos County woman killed in Wednesday night shooting, suspect dead
BROWN: Benching Texas A&M quarterback Marcel Reed this early in season is wrong move
Bennett’s Breakdown: Former A&M player/coach Phil Bennett looks at what the Aggies need to fix defensively
Aggie Gameday Extra Podcast: Are Texas A&M’s season hopes on the line vs. Arkansas?
Texas A&M WR Mario Craver “questionable” on Wednesday’s availability report ahead of Arkansas
Film Study: Darrell Dickey breaks down Texas A&M’s loss at LSU and how the Aggies can get back on track
Former Texas A&M head football coach Kevin Sumlin named head coach of Dallas Renegades
Texas A&M softball opens fall ball with win over Murray State
