URL: https://nebraska.tv/news/huskers-leaning-on-depth-chemistry-as-injuries-test-offense-against-maryland
TITLE: Huskers leaning on depth, chemistry as injuries test offense against Maryland
DATES SEEN: ['October 1, 2026']

Huskers leaning on depth, chemistry as injuries test offense against Maryland
Skip to main content
Close
Download the App
Search
User Icon
Watch
Huskers leaning on depth, chemistry as injuries test offense against Maryland
by NTV Sports
Thu, October 1, 2026 at 12:48 PM
Huskers celebrating after a touchdown | Photo Courtesy of Nebraska Athletics
topics:
Nebraska
Maryland
Injuries
Depth
Jamal Rule
Anthony Colandrea
Chemistry
Malik Washington
LINCOLN, Neb —
Nebraska’s first availability report ahead of Saturday’s Homecoming matchup with Maryland leaves the Huskers preparing for possible changes at two of their biggest offensive positions.
Freshman running back Jamal Rule is listed as doubtful after leaving last week’s 31-13 win at Michigan State. Receiver Jacory Barney Jr., who has started all four games, is questionable. Starting right guard Brendan Black and safety Rex Guthrie are probable.
Rule has been Nebraska’s leading rusher through four games, totaling 333 yards on 42 carries with five rushing touchdowns. He also has four catches for 82 yards and a touchdown, giving him a team-high six total scores.
Barney is second on the team with 16 catches for 222 yards and two touchdowns. His versatility has been central to Nebraska’s offense, which ranks 19th nationally with 482.8 yards per game and 16th in scoring at 42.5 points per game.
Nebraska is also averaging 236.5 rushing yards per contest, second in the Big Ten, while quarterback Anthony Colandrea has accounted for 12 touchdowns through four games. Colandrea has thrown for 904 yards and 10 touchdowns while adding 141 rushing yards and two scores.
Nelson has rushed for 227 yards and two touchdowns, while adding five receptions for 106 yards and a score. Mozee has 149 rushing yards and a touchdown. Genatone scored his first two career touchdowns last week at Michigan State, catching a 13-yard pass with two seconds left in the first half before adding a one-yard rushing touchdown in the fourth quarter.
The depth has also shown itself at receiver. Kwazi Gilmer leads Nebraska with 18 catches for 240 yards and four touchdowns, including a career-high 101 yards and a 44-yard score against Michigan State. Veteran tight end Luke Lindenmeyer has nine catches, while Quinn Clark has six receptions and a touchdown.
Nebraska players said Rule still made an impact last week despite being sidelined early in the game.
“I know he wanted to be out there and go and affect the game with his legs or any way that he could,” a Husker teammate said. “But just the way that he was on the sideline, he still had a big smile on his face. Every time it was our time to go out on the field, he was like, ‘Let’s go,’ everyone being locked in. I just loved that.”
That energy has been part of Nebraska’s early-season chemistry. Holgorsen said Colandrea and his receivers have developed their connection through extra film work and time on the practice field.
“They watch film together all the time,” Holgorsen said. “They think this turf field out here is like recess. They go out there during the day and just play catch.”
The Huskers enter Saturday 4-0 and 1-0 in Big Ten play after winning their conference opener for the first time since 2019. Nebraska has scored at least 30 points in each of its first four games for the first time since 2019 and has recorded at least one rushing and passing touchdown in every game.
Maryland arrives at Memorial Stadium at 2-2 and 0-1 in conference play. The Terrapins are averaging 32.3 points and 431.3 yards per game, led by quarterback Malik Washington. Washington is 101-for-153 for 1,034 yards, six touchdowns and four interceptions.
Receiver Chris Durr Jr. leads the nation with 8.75 receptions per game and has 35 catches for 312 yards and three touchdowns. Maryland may also be without starting running back Iverson Howard, who is listed as questionable after rushing for a team-high 177 yards and four touchdowns.
Nebraska’s defense enters the matchup ranked fifth nationally in total defense, allowing 233.5 yards per game. The Blackshirts are ninth nationally in third-down defense at 25.5% and fourth in sacks with 15 through four games.
The Huskers held Michigan State to 257 total yards, including just 39 rushing yards, while recording six sacks and forcing three turnovers.
For Nebraska, the focus remains on the next player stepping into a larger role.
Independent candidate Dan Osborn held a town hall Thursday in Red Cloud, facing residents after he was caught on leaked audio speaking ill of a hypothetical res
Halle Berry's ex-husband accuses her of choking their 12-year-old son: reports
Halle Berry&rsquo;s ex-husband, Olivier Martinez, reportedly accused the actress of physically abusing their 12-year-old son.
Huskers leaning on depth, chemistry as injuries test offense against Maryland
Nebraska&rsquo;s first availability report ahead of Saturday&rsquo;s Homecoming matchup with Maryland leaves the Huskers preparing for possible changes at two of their big
NEWS IN PHOTOS:
" Local "
13
