URL: https://www.on3.com/teams/notre-dame-fighting-irish/news/notre-dame-football-beyond-two-deeps-for-game-5-at-north-carolina/
TITLE: Notre Dame football updated depth chart for North Carolina game
DATES SEEN: []

Share
SOUTH BEND, Ind. — Ohio State transfer wide receiver
Quincy Porter
was never healthy enough to work his way onto the Notre Dame depth chart in his first season with the Irish before being declared out for the season on Monday with a setback in his recovery from a left knee injury.
Head coach
Marcus Freeman
made the announcement at his Monday weekly press conference.
All three are sons of former NFL stars.
Where there’s no intrigue this week is at safety heading into a road test for the Irish (4-0 at North Carolina (2-1) on Saturday (noon EDT | ESPN). Senior
Luke Talich
returns after a one-game absence due to a wrist injury. Freshman
Joey O’Brien
had a stellar starting debut, in Talich’s place. He had five tackles, assisted on a sack and tied for the team high in defensive snaps (51) in a 49-10 trouncing of Purdue last Saturday in West Lafayette, Ind.
Sophomore backup offensive tackle
Owen Strebig
is listed as questionable (concussion). As far as ongoing injuries, there are still eight of them in repeat mode this week with the most consequential being starting defensive tackle
Jason Onye
(left ankle) and starting safety
Brauntae Johnson
(left foot) out for a fourth straight game.
Others set to miss Saturday’s game with the Tar Heels are: Offensive guard
Matty Augustine
(right foot), defensive tackle
At
Blue & Gold
, we’re committed to a depth chart projection on Mondays and anytime there’s a change thereafter. The difference is we’ll go beyond the two-deeps for the Irish.
A few things to note. Players with an -x after their names have been ruled out for the season, and Porter is the first one to fall into that category this season. Players with -y have been ruled out for at least the upcoming game. Players with -q were listed as questionable in the availability report issued by Notre Dame. “OR” denotes players tied for a spot on the depth chart.
With the NCAA’s new 5-for-5 rule, Notre Dame has shifted back to academic year as its primary identifier this season, and eliminated the term redshirt. We will follow that lead.
Heights and weights were refreshed at the start of preseason camp on Aug. 6.
NOTRE DAME OFFENSE
Top 10
01
New
Week 5 injury report: Key updates for weekend
02
McMurphy's best trades for Week 5 slate
03
