URL: https://www.alligator.org/article/2026/10/florida-injury-report-mizzou
TITLE: Florida's initial availability report released ahead of Missouri game - The Independent Florida Alligator
DATES SEEN: ['October 02, 2026', 'Sept. 26, 2026', 'September 30, 2026']

Florida's initial availability report released ahead of Missouri game - The Independent Florida Alligator
Skip to
Content
,
COVID-19 Memorial
Tips
News
Florida's initial availability report released ahead of Missouri game
Vernell Brown III headlines designations
By
Max Bernstein
Bayden Armstrong
|
The Independent Florida Alligator
Ahead of its Saturday afternoon matchup against No. 25 Missouri (3-1), No. 8 Florida (4-0) has released its initial availability report on Wednesday night.
Notably, wide receiver Vernell Brown III, who suffered a low-grade knee strain in UF's 52-28 win over Ole Miss on Sept. 26, was listed as questionable. Brown leads the Gators with 17 catches for 271 yards and two receiving touchdowns in 2026, as well as two punt-return touchdowns.
On Monday, head coach Jon Sumrall said that the injury is nothing "long-term" but that his status for Saturday's game remained up in the air.
"What does that mean timeline-wise? I don't know," Sumrall said. "A lot of that is just how he's feeling more than anything. But medically, there's nothing that's going to hold him other than his own readiness, and so we gotta see how he responds and how he feels ready to go."
Fellow wide receiver Bailey Stockton received a questionable designation due to a back injury. Stockton suffered the injury when he was crushed by a hit by Ole Miss safety Joenel Aguero that resulted in a targeting penalty in the second quarter. The senior did return to the game in the second half.
"[Bailey] basically [was in] a car crash on the field with two guys," Sumrall said. "Came back and fought through it. You know, back's a little bit sore, but it's nothing structurally wrong, and so, working through that."
Stockton has made 13 grabs for 106 yards and a touchdown this season.
Notably, Eric Singleton Jr., who made his return against Ole Miss and had a 38-yard catch, is a full-go in practice and was not listed on the availability report.
"Nobody's 100 percent at this point. If you are, you haven't played," Sumrall said. "But yeah, none of those injuries are long-term ... Nothing major, which is good."
For Missouri, EDGE rushers Langden Kitchen and Darris Smith were both listed as questionable. Both are dealing with lower-body injuries suffered over the past few weeks.
Furthermore, consensus 2025 All-American running back Ahmad Hardy was listed as out for the fifth consecutive game. Hardy has not returned to practice since he was shot in the leg in May 2026.
Further updates regarding these injuries are expected throughout the remainder of the week.
Enjoy what you're reading? Get content from The Alligator delivered to your inbox
Subscribe Now
Contact Max Bernstein at mbernstein@alligator.org. Follow him on X at @maxbernstein23.
