URL: https://www.si.com/college/usc/football/usc-trojans-reveal-lengthy-injury-report-pivotal-washington-game-looms
TITLE: USC Trojans Reveal Lengthy Injury Report As Pivotal Washington Game Looms
DATES SEEN: ['Oct 1, 2026', 'Sep 19, 2026', 'Sep 26, 2026', 'Sep 4, 2026']

USC Trojans Reveal Lengthy Injury Report As Pivotal Washington Game Looms
Skip to main content
SI.COM
ON SI
Transfer Portal
SI.COM
Sep 19, 2026; Piscataway, New Jersey, USA; USC Trojans head coach Lincoln Riley on the field during warm ups before the game against the Rutgers Scarlet Knights at SHI Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Vincent Carchietta-Imagn Images | IMAGN IMAGES via Reuters Connect
USC Trojans Reveal Lengthy Injury Report As Pivotal Washington Game Looms
Here's a look at the first Big Ten availability report as the No. 18 USC Trojans aim to bounce back against the Washington Huskies on Saturday at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.
Caden Handwork
|
Share on Facebook
to the No. 15 Oregon Ducks in Week 4.
After their fifth straight loss in their heated rivalry series with the Ducks, the Trojans' College Football Playoff chances took a major hit, making this upcoming matchup against the Huskies a must-win for coach Lincoln Riley’s USC squad.
Sep 4, 2026; Los Angeles, California, USA; Southern California Trojans head coach Lincoln Riley watches against the Fresno State Bulldogs in the second half at United Airlines Field at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Mandatory Credit: Kirby Lee-Imagn Images | IMAGN IMAGES via Reuters Connect
While the Trojans did see the return of star sophomore defensive end Jahkeem Stewart in the loss to the Ducks, USC was without a handful of notable players that they hope could return for the matchup against the Huskies, including freshman wide receiver Trent Mosley, who has missed the last two games with a knee injury.
With the Trojans' season and CFP aspirations essentially on the line when they face the Huskies on Saturday, here’s a look at USC’s current injuries, per Wednesday’s Big Ten availability report for the pivotal matchup against Washington.
USC Trojans Injury Report vs. Washington Huskies
Out
WR Corey Simms
S Kendarius Reddick
OL Kilian O’Connor
Questionable
DT Jahkeem Stewart
WR Trent Mosley
S Alex Graham
coach Lincoln Riley's future
.
The best way to reignite that confidence is to start with a win over the Huskies on Saturday at the Coliseum. The Trojans have struggled against their former Pac-12 rival, the Huskies, having lost three straight games to the Huskies, with their last win coming in 2016. Winning to reignite confidence within the USC fanbase is a sentiment that Riley shares, as he mentioned during Tuesday's press conference.
"By winning, just by winning," Riley said. "Look, we didn't get run out of the stadium. There's a lot of good things on that tape, there's a lot of young guys making a lot of plays, there's a lot of good on that tape."
"You don't have a chance to win like that if you don't do some things pretty well. We gotta capitalize on those and we got to attack the areas we gotta be better at. We got another great opportunity to do it here Saturday against Washington. We're ready for them," Riley continued.
Saturday’s matchup against the Huskies is the second of a six-game gauntlet for the Trojans. Following Saturday’s game against the Huskies, the Trojans will play the Penn State Nittany Lions (Oct. 10), Wisconsin Badgers (Oct. 24), No. 5 Ohio State Buckeyes (Oct. 31), and No. 6 Indiana Hoosiers (Nov. 14).
Sep 26, 2026; Los Angeles, California, USA; USC Trojans quarterback Jayden Maiava (14) warms up before a game against the Oregon Ducks at United Airlines Field at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Mandatory Credit: Kiyoshi Mio-Imagn Images | IMAGN IMAGES via Reuters Connect
The results of these games will determine the Trojans' season and whether they deliver for a fanbase that is desperate to return to the championship stage. The closest the Trojans have come to making the CFP was during former quarterback Caleb Williams Heisman Trophy season and Riley’s first year in 2022, when USC finished at 11-3 overall. Two of those losses that season came to the Utah Utes, which ultimately kept them out of the CFP. USC closed the season with a disappointing 46-45 loss to the Tulane Green Wave in the Cotton Bowl.
Scouting Washington Huskies
Sep 19, 2026; Seattle, Washington, USA; Washington Huskies quarterback Demond Williams Jr. (1) participates in pregame warmups against the Eastern Washington Eagles at Husky Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Joe Nicholson-Imagn Images | IMAGN IMAGES via Reuters Connect
The Huskies enter Los Angeles also fresh off a disappointing loss. After struggling to start the season 3-0 with two uninspiring wins over the Washington State Cougars and Utah State Aggies, the Huskies finally fell flat, losing at home 27-24 to the Minnesota Golden Gophers.
Football
Related Articles
How to Watch USC vs. Washington: Preview, TV Channel, Betting Odds
Latest Update to USC Trojans Injury Report Before Washington Showdown
USC Trojans Ticket Prices Spark Interest Before Pivotal Washington Game
How Jahkeem Stewart’s Can Help Spark a Defensive Revival at USC
Michigan Back on Upset Alert? Four Bold Predictions for College Football Week 5
