URL: https://roundtable.io/sports/ncaa/texas-tech/game-day/inside-texas-tech-injury-report-ahead-of-week-5-road-test-at-colorado
TITLE: Inside Texas Tech Injury Report Ahead of Week 5 Road Test at Colorado
DATES SEEN: ['Oct 1, 2026']

Inside Texas Tech Injury Report Ahead of Week 5 Road Test at Colorado
RedRaiderRoundtable
405 Members
•
RedRaiderRoundtable
USA TODAY Network via Reuters Connect
USA TODAY Network via Reuters Connect
Inside Texas Tech Injury Report Ahead of Week 5 Road Test at Colorado
Nathan Karseno
Partner
Oct 1, 2026 5:00 PM
Published Oct 1, 2026 5:00 PM
A pair of starting offensive linemen and star tight end Terrance Carter Jr. are on the Red Raiders' injury report.
More Videos
LUBBOCK - Six players are listed as "questionable" on Texas Tech's latest Week 4 injury report before Saturday night's game against Colorado on the road.
Among them are a pair of offensive linemen for the No. 12 Red Raiders, left tackle Howard Sampson and new starting guard Cash Cleveland.
READ MORE:
LaDamion Guyton Breaks Out As Texas Tech's 17-Year-Old Star
Cleveland was elevated to a starting role ahead of last week's 49-14 win in Lubbock over Sam Houston. The Red Raiders' offensive line kept quarterback Will Hammond clean by not allowing the Bearkats to get home for a sack.
Also listed as questionable for Texas Tech is cornerback Amier Boyd and safeties Mikal Harrison-Pilot and Oliver Miles III. Linebacker Austin Romaine, who had two interceptions returned for touchdowns on back-to-back plays against Sam Houston, is listed as "probable" for Week 5, along with edge rusher Adam Trick.
Carter has alternated his appearances through Texas Tech's first four games. He battled through an injury in Tech's Week 3 win over Houston, but was inactive last week as he rested an AC joint injury.
If he is healthy enough to play, Saturday will mark a return to Cleveland's former stomping grounds. The Rockwall, Texas, native began his career with the Buffaloes in 2024, appearing in six games (starting four) and earning freshman All-American recognition from several publications.
The Buffaloes could deal with their own depth issues against Tech's offensive line. Defensive lineman Lamont Lester Jr., who leads Colorado with four sacks, is listed as "doubtful" for the matchup with the Red Raiders. Colorado also has three defensive backs listed as doubtful, which could play into an advantage for Hammond,
who admitted to Texas Tech's first-half struggles in previous weeks.
'Awesome experience up there'
Cleveland started in the final four games for coach Deion Sanders' team two seasons ago, including the Valero Alamo Bowl, as a true freshman. Last season, Cleveland worked back from a preseason injury and played in six games, normally as a backup center to veteran Sheridan Wilson.
Wilson spoke after Tech's Week 4 win in admiration of Cleveland, who has the natural play recognition of a center and is able to communicate schemes effectively with the rest of the unit when lined up as a guard.
READ MORE:
Texas Tech Faces Scouting Process for Colorado Quarterbacks
"The environment there is awesome," Cleveland said about Folsom Field. "I'm super excited to get to go up there and play a game and be with this team now. It's an awesome experience up there and I'm glad that we'll get up there and hopefully get a win."
The Buffaloes host the Red Raiders at 6:30 p.m. on FOX.
Injuries
•
Offense
•
