URL: https://www.on3.com/news/lincoln-kienholz-listed-questionable-on-initial-availability-report-for-louisville-vs-nc-state
TITLE: Lincoln Kienholz listed as questionable on initial availability report for Louisville vs. NC State - On3
DATES SEEN: []

Lincoln Kienholz listed as questionable on initial availability report for Louisville vs. NC State - On3
Skip to main content
Mobile Menu
Teams
for your first year
Join Now
On3 Football
Lincoln Kienholz listed as questionable on initial availability report for Louisville vs. NC State
Brian Jones
@ brianjones_93
10/01/26
Louisville
quarterback
Lincoln Kienholz
is listed as questionable in the
initial availability report
for the Week 5 game against
NC State.
It was announced on Monday that Kienholz would be a game-time decision for the ACC matchup. He suffered an injury late in last week’s 30-27 loss to
Wake Fores
t
at L&N Stadium.
Jeff Brohm
said,
per Jody Demlin of Cardinal Sports
. “We are not going to elaborate. It will be a game-time decision.” Keinholz has been a steady hand at quarterback for Louisville. This year, the Ohio State transfer has completed 75-of-109 passes for 1,140 yards, seven touchdowns, and one interception.
[ $19.99 gets you a FULL year of On3 | Rivals national coverage ]
Despite the loss to Wake Forest, Louisville is still in the hunt to reach the ACC Championship. “I think we haven’t even been close to our ceiling yet,”
Kienholz said on
College Sports Radio on Sirius XM
last week.
“I think we’ve had three solid games so far, but you know, I think we haven’t really had our complete game yet. So hopefully soon we can put it all together, offensively and defensively. So yeah, I’m just looking forward to keep going to work with these guys every day.”
Lincoln Kienholz among several Louisville players on the availability report
Kienholz added, “I’m super hard on myself, so you know, I think I think every play matters. So you know, just being a part of those, you know, trying to maximize each play, I think, just being in these games, it can come down to one play. It can come down to one second. So it’s important to maximize, for sure.”
Keinholz is one of the several Louisville players on the availability report. DB
Antonio Watts
, TE
Travis Egan
Hamilton Atkins
, and DL
Sam Dawson
are ruled out. The Cardinals players who are questionable are DB
Koen Entringer
, WR
Lawayne McCoy
AJ Green
, and OL
Anwar O’Neal
are listed as probable.
NC has multiple players ruled out, including TE
Vander Ploog
, DB
Isaiah Crowell
Tyreek Cooper
and K
Nick Konieczynski
are listed as doubtful.
Like this story
0
Share article
·
2h
FOOTBALL
Kirk Herbstreit believes Missouri game will reveal Florida’s potential: ‘This is the week we truly find out’
Steve Samra
·
2h
·
3h
FOOTBALL
College Football Injury Report: Latest Week 5 updates at Florida, Louisville, Ohio State & more
Pete Nakos
·
3h
Top 10
01
New
Week 5 injury report: Key updates for weekend
02
McMurphy's best trades for Week 5 slate
03
