URL: https://www.on3.com/teams/smu-mustangs/news/elijah-roberts-injury-update-smu-star-de-to-miss-boston-college-game/
TITLE: Elijah Roberts injury update: SMU star DE to miss Boston College game - On3
DATES SEEN: []

Elijah Roberts injury update: SMU star DE to miss Boston College game - On3
Skip to main content
Mobile Menu
News
then billed annually
Join Now
On The Pony Express Football
Elijah Roberts injury update: SMU star DE to miss Boston College game
Billy Embody
@ BillyEmbody
11/16/24
SMU
star defensive end
Elijah Roberts
will miss Saturday’s game against Boston College with a hand injury, ESPN’s Pete Thamel reported.
The former Miami transfer who has starred since arriving on the Hilltop for the 2023 season is No. 2 nationally with 44 quarterback pressures. Roberts is third on SMU in sacks (3) and TFLs (6).
Head coach Rhett Lashlee said earlier this week that Roberts could miss the game, but he would be expected to return next week at Virginia.
“Elijah Roberts, same thing, coming off his injury last week,” Lashlee said on
Tuesday
. “We probably won’t know until Friday, maybe Saturday morning even at warm-ups if he can go this week, but it is positive that we’ll get it back if he can’t go this week and it’s not ruled out that he can’t go this week.”
Roberts’ standout play is a part of why the Mustangs have the top-ranked rush defense in the ACC and are once again among the nation’s best defenses. Fellow former Miami Hurricane Jared Harrison-Hunte saw Roberts up close at Miami and is now back with him in Dallas.
“Well, Elijah when he was at Miami, he didn’t really play that much, but we always saw the potential, he had one of the best hands on the D-line, he was twitchy, he was strong, he was fast, he was big,” Harrison-Hunte said this week. “He had all the attributes to be a great field side D-end, so when I see him, it was tough to see him leave, but I understood why he left, because you know he had to do what’s best for you, but I was excited to come and play with him here. And actually playing with him and doing what we’re doing this year, it’s like, it’s great. It’s great to see that you actually develop as a player. As a man, as a whole, he’s a good person.”
Without Elijah Roberts,
SCROLL
More On The Pony Express News
FOOTBALL
SMU injury report heading into Boston College matchup
Billy Embody
·
1d
