URL: https://www.si.com/college/kansas/football/what-kansas-football-can-prove-in-its-tune-up-game-against-mtsu-before-big-12-play
TITLE: What Kansas Football Can Prove in Its Tune-Up Game Against MTSU Before Big 12 Play
DATES SEEN: ['Jul 8, 2026', 'Sep 30, 2026', 'Sept. 11, 2026']

The biggest goal for the coaching staff this weekend should be to get quarterback Isaiah Marshall's confidence back where it needs to be. Amid
the offense's lingering struggles
, the redshirt sophomore hasn't looked consistent in his early tenure as the starting signal-caller, turning the ball over four times in the past two losses and completing an abysmal 47.6% of his passes.
To get Marshall into a rhythm, the offense will have to strike a balance between the passing and rushing attacks. The Jayhawks received a huge injury blow when it was announced that
Yasin Willis underwent likely season-ending surgery
, forcing KU to turn its ground game over to Dylan Edwards and Jalen Dupree. Kennesaw State transfer
Chase Belcher also joined the program during the bye
as a midseason addition.
Kansas Jayhawks running back Dylan Edwards (1) reacts after a play against Missouri Tigers during the game inside David Booth Kansas Memorial Stadium on Sept. 11, 2026. | USA TODAY Network via Reuters Connect
On the other side of the ball, D.K. McDonald's defense will be looking to slow down a potent MTSU passing offense. Quarterback Roman Gagliano has been prolific through the air across four contests, tossing eight touchdowns and just one interception with 832 yards.
A player to watch for the Blue Raiders is wideout Cam'ron Lacy. The 5-foot-8, 158-pound receiver is quick and slippery out of the slot and is currently averaging more than 70 receiving yards a night.
The schedule will only get tougher from here, but the Jayhawks direly need a get-right win to instill some confidence in the players. The hope is that they can take care of business on Saturday and
carry momentum into conference play
.
Check out the
KCSN official website
and follow us on
Facebook
